= juicer-rails

juicer-rails is a Rails plugin for juicer, a tool for minifying CSS and
JavaScript assets (http://github.com/cjohansen/juicer).

Official url: http://github.com/ktheory/juicer-rails

In development mode, juicer-rails will serve expanded assets for easier
debugging. In production mode, juicer-rails serves one minified file.

== Thanks

Special thanks to:

* Christian Johansen (et al) for making juicer.
* Jeremy Ashkenas for suggesting more efficient conditional CSS

== Install

In your rails project:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/ktheory/juicer-rails.git

juicer-rails requires the latest, unreleased version of juicer. (This should
change soon.) For now, build your own juicer gem:

  git clone git://github.com/cjohansen/juicer.git
  cd juicer
  rake build
  sudo gem install pkg/juicer-0.9.9.gem

== Usage

In your views, use the <code>juiced_tag</code> in place of <code>javascript_include_tag</code> and
<code>stylesheet_link_tag</code>.

For example,

  javascript_include_tag "app.js"

becomes

  juiced_tag "/javascripts/app.js"

In development, this will use juicer to resolve the dependencies of
<code>javascript/app.js</code>, and write a script tag for each one. E.g., say app.js
depends on some_package.js.

  juiced_tag "/javascripts/app.js" # in development =>
  <script src="/javascripts/some_package.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  <script src="/javascripts/app.js" type="text/javascript"></script>


In production, this will return a single script tag for the asset. The name of
the asset is determined by putting <code>min</code> before the file extension.

  juiced_tag "/javascripts/app.js" # in production =>
  <script src="/javascripts/app.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

If you have asset hosts configured, it will honor those.

Stylesheets work similarly. Say <code>app.css</code> depends on <code>reset.css</code>.

  juiced_tag "/stylesheets/app.css" # in development =>
  <link href="/stylesheets/reset.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <link href="/stylesheets/app.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

  juiced_tag "/stylesheets/app.css" # in production =>
  <link href="/stylesheets/app.min.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

Juicer can also embed images in your stylesheets. Of course, this doesn't work
in IE. Embedding is disabled by default, but you can turn it on in the rails initializer:

  Juicer::ActionViewHelper.embed_images = true

Now we have:

  juiced_tag "/stylesheets/app.css" # in production, with embedding =>
  <!--[if (!IE)|(gte IE 8)]><!-->
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/stylesheets/app.embedded.css" />
  <!--<![endif]-->
  <!--[if lte IE 7]>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/stylesheets/app.min.css" />
  <![endif]-->

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a
  commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Aaron Suggs. See LICENSE for details.
